
  ASRock BIOS Upgrade Instruction


    There are two methods to update the BIOS using Instant Flash.


      Method 1:

 1. Please extract the zip file after downloading the BIOS rom file from
    ASRock website.
 2. Save the BIOS files on a FAT32 formatted USB disk.
 3. Press [F2] during POST to get into BIOS setup menu.
 4. Select the Instant Flash utility under [Tool] menu to execute it.
 5. ASRock Instant Flash will automatically detect all devices and only
    list those BIOS versions which are suitable for your motherboard.
 6. Select the suitable BIOS version and click “Yes” to flash the BIOS.
 7. The system will start to flash the BIOS.
 8. Once the BIOS is flashed, it’ll show “Programing success, Press
    Enter to reboot system”. Please click “OK” to reboot the system.
 9. After the system restarts, press [F2] to enter the BIOS setup
    utility during boot up. In Exit menu, please select "Load Default
    Settings" and press [Enter] to continue. Select "Exit Saving
    Changes" and press [Enter] to exit the BIOS setup utility. Now, the
    system is booting up with new BIOS.


      Method 2:

 1. Please extract the zip file after downloading the BIOS rom file from
    ASRock website.
 2. Save the BIOS files on a FAT32 formatted USB disk.
 3. Press [F6] when you see this (or similar) page.
 4. Select the suitable BIOS version and flash.
 5. Select the suitable BIOS version and click “Yes” to flash the BIOS.
 6. The system will start to flash the BIOS.
 7. Once the BIOS is flashed, it’ll show “Programing success, Press
    Enter to reboot system”. Please click “OK” to reboot the system.
 8. After the system restarts, press [F2] to enter the BIOS setup
    utility during boot up. In Exit menu, please select "Load Default
    Settings" and press [Enter] to continue. Select "Exit Saving
    Changes" and press [Enter] to exit the BIOS setup utility. Now, the
    system is booting up with new BIOS.


    Notice

The Flash Memory Writer utility can not suitable for all ASRock
motherboards. Please use the Flash utility which is included in each
BIOS file to update its BIOS. Also ASRock motherboard *MUST* use
ASRock's Flash utility to update BIOS, those uncertified BIOS flashing
tools will cause motherboard damage.
If you encounter problems while updating the new BIOS, *DO NOT* turn off
your system since this corrupt BIOS might cause your system failed to
boot up. Just repeat the process, and if the problem still persists,
update the original BIOS file. If the Flash Memory Writer utility was
not able to successfully update a complete BIOS file, your system may
not be able to boot up. If this happens, your system will need service.

